

		Synopsis
A goblins lair about ten miles south of Loudwater.
Agitated by the theft of their relic, the Horn Totem, prompting them to attack the town to retrieve it.
After the initial fight, which the PCs may have engaged in, they might start inquiring what prompted the attack.
If they choose to attack the goblins lair, then they must find it, face traps and goblins alike and ultimately enter the ancient catacomb where the goblins interred the Ogre King.

		Involving the PCs
Intro battle should involve them, if not, using some of the things below might help them.
	Possible wealth
In garwans curiousities the Horn Totem is on display, and the owner speaks of similar treasures that might reside in their lair.
	Found scroll
Finding the scroll on a dead hexer, after the battle or outside Loudwater.

		Finding the Barrow
	The Scroll
If they do not find it themselves on the Hexer, then a friendly NPCs will give it to them.
It is written in Goblin, so if the PCs don't know goblin then they'll have to ask someone, such as Garwan, Zark, Curuvar or similar people who might know it.
---	---	---	---	---	---	---	---
Kerwig,
I learned through divinations that the totem is in a shop 
called Garwan’s Curiosities in Loudwater. Go and retrieve 
it. Use the old barrel of alchemist’s fire.
You know how important this is. Without the totem, it 
will be harder to perform the magic. We must get the object 
back if we are to revive the Ogre King!
Do not fail. I will continue forward with the magic even 
if every one of you must be sacrificed. We must get back the 
totem!
					High Shaman Sancossug
---	---	---	---	---	---	---	---
	Useful information
- Following the track to where they came takes a DC 10 something check.
- Asking around they can also gain the location, either from Curuvar or from others (DC 10-15 something check)
- If they wanna know more about the Ogre King, they can make a DC 15-20 something check to learn the following
	The creature later dubbed the Ogre King discovered the ruins of the dwarven kingdom of Ammarindar in the Southwood some 	eighty years ago. He established a lair and subjugated local goblins. The Ogre King lasted just ten years, during which 	time his goblins raided far and wide. The ogre was slain by a group of adventurers passing through the area
- Maybe something else?


		The actual Barrow
The Barrow is a former dwarven home. 
	Common Entrance
	
	Entrance Hall
	
	
